*Shaz's Digital Archives for Recipes*

This is a page archiving recipes that have been copied by my mother, aunt (my mom's younger sister) and me over the course of forty years.
                                                                           
My mother and aunt's recipes are a mix of my late grandmother's recipes and recipes copied over from various uncited cookbooks, and feature a mix of Malay dishes, cakes and desserts. These recipes were copied into an organizer for the year 1989 over the course of the next couple of decades before I claimed it for safekeeping as the only grandchild who was interested in the culinary arts. 

Most notable of these recipes is the recipe for my late <i>Nek</i> Hasayah's marble cake, which my mom still makes every year for Eid. The recipe, apart from the brand of margarine used, has never changed for decades. Just as a background, <i>Nek</i> Hasayah passed on peacefully at the age of 72, with my baby self snuggly tucked in her arms. I could only imagine the hugs and kisses she showered me seconds before her departure. Therefore, I am determined to honour her unconditional love and legacy by archiving this recipe. Indeed, the taste, moistness and richness of the cake, especially when eaten warm, subconsciously reminds me of the warmth of her hugs and kisses during our brief time together. May Allah accept all her deeds and allow me to find myself snuggly tucked in her arms again in Paradise.

The recipes that I have copied into my own separate notebook were first copied over in 2011 when I started taking the culinary arts seriously as a skill worth investing time and effort to master for self-improvement. These too were copied over from various cookbooks, many borrowed from the public library while others from cookbooks I own (and still own to this day). These recipes range from spice and herb blends to main dishes, and from my native Malay cuisine to that of Russian cuisine (early 2010s marked the peak of my Sovietophilia). 
